Revert #994: Fix circular import with strawberry-graphql-django package (#1019)
strawberry-graphql/strawberry: RELEASE.md

release type: patch

> This release fixes circular import issue with `strawberry-graphql-django`
> package introduced by version 0.65.4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release reverts the changes made in v0.65.4 that caused an issue leading to
circular imports when using the `strawberry-graphql-django` extension package.
```
